Remove FAQ and fix links (#86)
ezsystems/user-documentation: docs/shop_administration/translations.md

[OneSky](https://www.oneskyapp.com/) is an external platform for managing translations. You can use this platform to offer a user interface for translations management.

> See [OneSky in the guide](https://doc.ibexa.co/en/master/guide/translations/onesky.md) to learn how to set up OneSky for your shop.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See [OneSky](https://doc.ibexa.co/en/master/guide/translations/onesky.md) in developer documentation to learn how to set up OneSky for your shop.
```
